README.md, before:

# RS Dental Clinic Guwahati Website

A modern, responsive website for RS Dental Clinic in Guwahati, built with React and Vite. The website features appointment booking, service information, and testimonials.

## 🏥 Features

- **Clinic Branding**: RS Dental Clinic with Dr. Taslima Khan as lead dentist
- **Responsive Navigation**: Hamburger menu for mobile with hover effects on desktop
- **Appointment Form**: Online booking system with fields for name, email, mobile, preferred date/time, and message
- **Services Section**: Preventive Care, Cosmetic Dentistry, Restorative Solutions, and Emergency Dentistry
- **About Section**: Information about Dr. Taslima Khan and the clinic
- **Testimonials**: Real patient stories and reviews
- **Contact Information**: Address, phone, email, and office hours
- **Fully Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open the development server link shown in the terminal (defaults to `http://localhost:5173`).

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` – Start the development server with hot reloading
- `npm run build` – Generate a production-ready static build in `dist`
- `npm run preview` – Serve the production build locally for final checks

## Clinic Information

**RS Dental Clinic**

- **Address**: M Market, 25, A K Deb Road, Dhirenpara, Guwahati, Assam 781025
- **Phone**: +91 6001868643
- **Email**: rsdentalclinic43@gmail.com

**Lead Dentist**: Dr. Taslima Khan

**Office Hours**:

- Monday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Tuesday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Wednesday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Thursday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Friday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Saturday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Sunday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM

## Deployment

Run `npm run build` and deploy the contents of the `dist` folder to any static hosting provider (Netlify, Vercel, GitHub Pages, etc.).

## Technologies Used

- React 19
- Vite
- CSS3 with modern animations and transitions
- Responsive design with CSS Grid and Flexbox

---

© 2025 RS Dental Clinic. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Add Vercel deployment configuration and update README

README.md, after:

# RS Dental Clinic Guwahati Website

A modern, responsive website for RS Dental Clinic in Guwahati, built with React and Vite. The website features appointment booking, service information, and testimonials.

## 🏥 Features

- **Clinic Branding**: RS Dental Clinic with Dr. Taslima Khan as lead dentist
- **Responsive Navigation**: Hamburger menu for mobile with hover effects on desktop
- **Appointment Form**: Online booking system with fields for name, email, mobile, preferred date/time, and message
- **Services Section**: Preventive Care, Cosmetic Dentistry, Restorative Solutions, and Emergency Dentistry
- **About Section**: Information about Dr. Taslima Khan and the clinic
- **Testimonials**: Real patient stories and reviews
- **Contact Information**: Address, phone, email, and office hours
- **Fully Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open the development server link shown in the terminal (defaults to `http://localhost:5173`).

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` – Start the development server with hot reloading
- `npm run build` – Generate a production-ready static build in `dist`
- `npm run preview` – Serve the production build locally for final checks

## Clinic Information

**RS Dental Clinic**

- **Address**: M Market, 25, A K Deb Road, Dhirenpara, Guwahati, Assam 781025
- **Phone**: +91 6001868643
- **Email**: rsdentalclinic43@gmail.com

**Lead Dentist**: Dr. Taslima Khan

**Office Hours**:

- Monday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Tuesday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Wednesday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Thursday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Friday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Saturday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM, Evening 05:00 PM - 08:00 PM
- Sunday: 10:00 AM - 01:00 PM

## Deployment

### Deploy to Vercel (Recommended)

This project is optimized for Vercel deployment:

1. **One-Click Deploy**: 
   [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/HS245/RS-Dental-Clinic-Guwahati-Website)

2. **Manual Deploy**:
   - Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
   - Run: `vercel`
   - Follow the prompts

3. **GitHub Integration**:
   - Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
   - Automatic deployments on every push to main branch

### Other Hosting Providers

Run `npm run build` and deploy the contents of the `dist` folder to any static hosting provider (Netlify, GitHub Pages, etc.).

## Technologies Used

- React 19
- Vite
- CSS3 with modern animations and transitions
- Responsive design with CSS Grid and Flexbox

---

© 2025 RS Dental Clinic. All rights reserved.
